---
layout: post
title: "Plans for Summer 2022"
visible: true
---

Another half year or so has gone by, so I thought it'd make sense for me to
talk about about what's in store for my future and the future of my projects.

As soon as school let out, I continued my internship full-time and got some
really great work done. I learned so much while working there! However, with
only a limited amount of time left before graduate school starts, I felt like it
made sense to leave and have a bit of a summer break before starting on that
journey.

## Sunsetting @gptupaguy (again)
It's hard for me to believe that [@gptupaguy](https://twitter.com/gptupaguy) has
been running now for a year and a half! That being said, as time has gone on,
I've found it more and more difficult to get fun, interesting output from
training GPT-2 models. While I'd love to be able to give GPT-3 a go, OpenAI's
rules on the use of GPT-3 sound like they'd forbid it. Given how time-consuming
it is to properly filter the AI output, much less hand-pick good posts, for now
the automated posts on [@gptupaguy](https://twitter.com/gptupaguy) will be
ending on August 11. 

If you enjoy the bizarre nature of AI-generated guys, I suggest you give
[@madeupguythinks](https://twitter.com/madeupguythinks) a follow! They put guys
from the original [@makeupaguy](https://twitter.com/makeupaguy) into GPT-3 in
order to hear what they have to say.

## Current project: BeepoVac!
In my spare time, I've been slowly chipping away at a small video game project,
based on a game I developed with some classmates in 2021 for a class. In the
game, you play as a cute little robot vaccum named BeepoVac whose job it is to
clean a house as quickly as possible. I've been [posting progress videos to
a playlist on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtPXiJedNjDHMLx6NcR_Yum18lmUa4P1C).
My main goal with this project is to make something *small* that I can complete
and publish. Perhaps in the future I'll pick it back up and try to add more to
it, but right now I'm finding that even getting this seemingly small-scope
project to completion is taking a lot more work than I'd expected.

### Vibrato for Haptics
While working on the BeepoVac game, I realized I missed the vibration effects
from Nintendo Switch games, and wanted to see how well I could replicate them
in my own projects. Unfortunately, the API that Unity provides for haptics is...
basic, to say the least. To address this issue I've started working on my own
higher-level wrapper that makes haptics work more like traditional audio in
Unity. The wrapper is called Vibrato, and while it's not quite ready for prime
time, I'm quite happy with how it's working so far! (If you *really* want to
give it a try, [the repository is public](https://github.com/Meorge/Vibrato),
but there's little-to-no documentation on how to use it yet.)
